[Marketplace Contribution] UltraMSG (#20891)
demisto/content: Packs/UltraMSG/Integrations/UltraMSG/README.md

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |

>     | Token | When you creating an Instamce you'll get an Token Example: ty49xcwlhiogro9x | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Token | When creating an instance, you'll get a token Example: ty37deadbeef37xx | True |
```

>     | Instance | When you creating an Instamce you'll get an instance id. Example: instance12345 | True |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | Instance | When creating an instance, you'll get an instance id. Example: instance12345 | True |
```
